.TH BLIND-MEAN 1 blind
.SH NAME
blind-mean - Calcuate the mean over videos for each pixel in each frame
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B blind-mean
[-g | -h | -H | -i | -l
.I power
| -L | -p
.I power
| -s
.I power
| -v | -z
.IR power ]
.I stream-1
.IR stream-2 \ ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B blind-mean
reads videos from
.I stream-1
and the files specified in all succeeding
arguments, and for each pixel in each frame,
calculates the mean of the videos, and prints
the resulting video to stdout.
.P
Unless otherwise specified, the arithmetic mean
is calculated.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -g
Calculate the geometric mean.
.TP
.B -h
Calculate the harmonic mean.
.TP
.B -i
Calculate the identric mean.
.TP
.B -H
Calculate the Heronian mean.
No arguments after
.I stream-2
are allowed if this flag is used.
.TP
.BR -l \ \fIpower\fP
Calculate the Lehmer mean with the specified
.IR power .
.TP
.B -L
Calculate the logarithmic mean.
No arguments after
.I stream-2
are allowed if this flag is used.
.TP
.BR -p \ \fIpower\fP
Calculate the power mean (Hölder mean) with
the specified
.IR power .
.TP
.BR -s \ \fIpower\fP
Calculate the Stolarsky mean with
the specified
.IR power .
No arguments after
.I stream-2
are allowed if this flag is used.
.TP
.B -v
Calculate the variance.
.TP
.BR -z \ \fIpower\fP
Calculate the Heinz meanw ith
the specified
.IR power .
No arguments after
.I stream-2
are allowed if this flag is used.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR blind (7),
.BR blind-temporal-mean (1),
.BR blind-spatial-mean (1),
.BR blind-temporal-arithm (1),
.BR blind-spatial-arithm (1),
.BR blind-arithm (1),
.BR blind-rewrite-head (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Mattias Andrée
.RI < maandree@kth.se >
